JPEG to PNG Converter
Description
The JPEG to PNG Converter is a GUI application built with Tkinter that allows users to convert JPEG images to PNG format. The application features multi-threading for efficient processing, making it suitable for batch conversions of multiple files within a selected directory.

Features
Directory Selection: Users can easily choose a folder containing JPEG files for conversion.
Batch Conversion: Supports conversion of multiple JPEG files to PNG format simultaneously.
Progress Tracking: Displays a progress bar and status messages to inform users of the conversion process.
Cancellation Option: Allows users to cancel the conversion process at any time.
Error Handling: Provides feedback on failed conversions and files that were skipped due to size constraints.
Requirements
Python 3.x
Pillow for image handling
Tkinter for the GUI (comes pre-installed with standard Python distributions)
You can install the Pillow library using pip:

bash
Copy code
pip install Pillow
Usage
Run the application by executing the script.

bash
Copy code
python jpeg_to_png_converter.py
Click the Choose Directory button to select a folder containing JPEG images.

Click Start Conversion to begin the conversion process. The application will display progress and status messages.

Use the Cancel Conversion button to stop the process at any time.

Code Overview
The application consists of the following key components:

Class App: The main class that manages the Tkinter GUI and the conversion logic.
Directory Selection: Utilizes filedialog.askdirectory() to let users choose a folder.
Image Conversion: Converts JPEG files to PNG format using PIL.Image and handles file operations securely.
Multi-threading: Uses concurrent.futures.ThreadPoolExecutor to perform conversions in parallel.
Example
To run the application, simply execute the following code:

python
Copy code
if __name__ == "__main__":
    root = tk.Tk()
    app = App(root)
    root.mainloop()
Notes
The application removes the original JPEG files after successful conversion.
If a converted PNG file is larger than the original JPEG, it will be skipped, and the user will be notified.
Users can select another directory for conversion after the process is complete.